Music
Zany's in Nashville, Tennessee.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, I don't care what happens in this show, it's already been the best night of my life.
Music
People sat here for a good hour and a half, looks like Jim Lill were coming up and playing his heart out for us, totally amazing.
I have very good news for each and every one of you, Harmontown is now in session.
Music
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
He's right there.
Music
Keep going, keep going the right way.
Music city, you lost it.
Music
Holy shit.
Wow
What a magical, magical day, or is it just that?
For my money, I could just walk off stage and go home right now.
Well, maybe not for their money.
No.
But I think, but it's noteworthy that, like, we, okay, I just, like, let's go to the timeline, because we've been sitting in the back of the room, like, hanging out with people.
I've been doing Countless Yeager Bombs with people.
Yeah, thank you.
Is it Bob, right?
Yeah.
Bob and Jen, thank you.
I'm not drunk.
It's sleeting and raining and snowing, and there's ice daggers falling out of the sky, and everybody's showed up.
The show starts at 7.30.
We're up here at 7.25 on the nugget, or something like that.
We've been back there since 6.
I don't know how the timing of it works, but it's like, oh, get them in here, get them in here.
I don't know why everybody showed up early, but get them in, get them in, warm them up, light a fire.
And then, but then, because we're making this movie, like, one of the weird byproducts of making a documentary is, okay, you can't be playing Prince songs while everyone's sitting around having a good time.
So, yeah, exactly.
It's a shitty corporate, it's one of the many little invisible ways that corporate America fucks you over.
Like, like, like, oh god, oh, Wang Chung can't be playing while I'm waiting an hour for the shit I bought a ticket to.
And so, you would be sitting here in abject silence, but we're in Nashville, Jeff, where music was invented three times over.
The blues was invented here, rock and roll was invented here, and grunge was then invented here.
Is that true?
Yes, it was in this very bar that Weezers, their van broke down and they said, you know what, let's just, let's just not get dressed up tonight.
Yeah, let's wear a checkered shirt and not wash our hair.
At a club called The Ironic Old Opry.
Country western, blues, rock and roll, everything, everything that calls itself music, purportedly originated from this fertile crescent in the south.
Also, Martin Luther King got shot somewhere in the state.
Don't worry about it, not holding you to that.
We're more focused on the Elvis thing, love you, love you for it.
No biggie, it's all about balance.
It's all about perpetuation of cultural infamy.
But only in this state, only in Nashville, only in this city, could you come in with no music to play when people are sitting and then go,
hey, anybody able to fill an hour with a guitar and one guy's like, yeah, I got a guitar in my wallet?
What's his name, Joe Lill? Jim Lill.
Joe is Southernford, Jim.
Jim Lill, this kid, this little child with his acoustic sick stream came up here and filled like an hour of time while we did younger bombs in the back.
He sang songs that he dedicated to Joseph Campbell.
He sang the community theme at the end.
He strummed and he hummed and he thumped and he bumped and he's the John Henry of legally clearable music.
This is the city to be in if you need music.
Also, we've been working on this Harmontown theme, so we'll probably be bringing people up.
I think there's probably some singers in the audience.
It's Nashville. Don't shake your head, lady.
I just want to put this out.
I assume there's somebody who can do a mean beatbox in the audience.
I expected a bigger reaction than that.
Maybe not. Maybe Nashville rejects the beatbox as a valid musical instrument.
You do?
Oh, I do. Thank you.
What was your name again?
Garrett.
Can you stand up and face everybody?
Is this going to accumulate if I say Neil Patrick Harris?
You probably get that a lot.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
It's nerd on nerd violence.
I shouldn't be doing it.
Who do you get, Dan?
Do people say you look like somebody?
Randy Quaid.
I get Randy Quaid.
I want to get Bill Murray so bad.
I just make people.
Bill Murray, sometimes people say Bill Murray.
No one ever says Bill Murray.
What are your neighbors, like the Armenian woman?
She always said I look like Russell Crowe.
I miss that so much.
She didn't know Russell Crowe's name.
I would always have to tell her.
Who do you look like?
He was a gladiator.
Russell Crowe, yeah, that's it.
Now I don't.
Shut up.
Music City, Jeff. Music City.
A couple other nicknames for this town.
The Athens of the South.
A lot of schools, museums and whatever.
Just a lot of columns and things.
I don't know why. Athens of the South.
I don't get it either.
Little Kurdistan.
No one calls it that.
Little Wikipedia.
Do we have any Kurds in the crowd tonight?
Any Kurds here?
Wikipedia would have you wrong.
Supposedly there's the largest U.S. population of Kurds in Nashville.
Do they just hate me?
I was going to do a whole thing where I...
I made a bookmark on my phone for Kurdistan.
So I was going to try to riff like a...
A Kurd targeting stand-up act.
You've been to Kurdistan? Neopatic Harris?
What's your actual name?
Gary.
You've been to Kurdistan under what circumstances?
You were in the Army.
What was your MOS?
What the hell does that mean?
A 21 Bravo? What is that?
Combat engineer.
What are you talking about?
What are you guys doing? What's going on here?
Do you ever scream, scrub a double walnut?
No, that's not real. That's not real language.
I made that up.
What does that actually mean?
No one seems to know the answer to that.
Military occupational specialty.
You were a combat engineer.
Does that mean you blew up bridges and stuff like that?
I thought it sounded like a recruiter.
What did you actually do?
Well, we actually blew up a lot of artillery shells.
That's like blowing up unused artillery and stuff?
Yeah, yeah, it's all over the country.
Were you in Iraq?
Yeah.
Really? How long did you serve?
I was in Iraq for three years.
Let's hear your yell.
Who? Who?
He had a slightly honorable discharge.
You are amazing out here,
but you cannot be relied upon to selling alpachino.
And while that does not win or lose wars,
we have to let you go.
Yeah, he did arrive.
Imagine.
Who is your army?
What's your rank? Are you retired?
I was separated.
Separated?
Just wanted to start seeing other branches of the military.
No branches.
You're just done.
Yeah, that's a rough gig, man.
You were out in Iraq when things were hairy?
It's like a lot of dullness and then a few hairy hours.
It's like incredibly dull, broken up, and really hairy.
Just one of those dull afternoons when you're blowing up artillery
and stuff like that?
I saw the Hurt Locker, so I think I know exactly.
I might as well have been there.
I think hairy weather is half of the capital to make a lot of money.
People grab around Iraq and some of these call about themselves all the time.
Yeah, that's what you do.
Take a nice stroll.
What's the worst thing that can happen?
That sounds like such a bummer.
I get Facebook messages from guys that were active service out there.
They go, I love community.
I'm out here.
I'm in this station and that station.
I'm doing this and that.
I write back to them and go, you fucking stay safe.
Will you just stay safe?
Just get back home.
I don't know if that's the right response because they never write back.
I don't know if it's because they're like, don't be an asshole.
Tell me who I am.
I don't know.
They're like, get back here, you fucker.
My ratings are so low.
They go, what are you doing out there?
You watch my show?
That's the consolidation of the forces.
That's the limit that you support the troops is to the extent that they have a Nielsen box.
What are you doing?
Nashville, Jeff, name for Francis Nash.
You know who Francis Nash is.
Yeah, I know, but today.
He invented the typewriter.
No, he didn't.
I couldn't forget Francis Nash.
Are there any Francis Nash experts in the audience?
Because the city's named, there's a lot of things in the South named after Francis Nash.
He was kind of a weird character.
I couldn't really get a line on it.
I Wikipedia at Nashville and then I was like, who's this Francis Nash guy?
He's a good guy or a bad guy.
And I couldn't really figure it out.
So I was wondering if there was anybody here.
Dan, I hate to interrupt this trenchant commentary on Nashville,
but is there an audience member wearing one of our GoPro cameras on his head down in the front?
Yes, there is.
Love it.
So our asshole director just came and put a camera on your head.
He didn't even ask.
You're going to get lots of awesome shots of Dan's balls during this.
In addition to the two cameras.
The city's sometimes called the buckle of the Bible Belt.
I would figure my audience wouldn't approve of that, but I think that's mythologically important.
But they have the power to unbuckle it.
Yeah, exactly.
Don't deny that power.
All you have to do is go, ugh, and the South's pants fall down.
The whole country changes.
But you can't deny the fact.
I think honestly, we were in Atlanta and I really went to town on how politically or historically important it was that we were in Atlanta.
I was super charged there.
Here it could get a little uncomfortable talking about that.
Nashville, what eclipses it is that throughout the decades, no matter what comes along musically, Nashville just like, what is it?
What is it, Jeff?
Why do they love music so much?
What's with them?
I love country music, but I like old country music.
I don't really like the new, what they call the Nashville sound, right?
It's too overproduced for me.
As Waylon Jennings called it, he goes, it's flat belly country.
Country musicians should have a pot belly.
He doesn't like any guy that sings country and has abs.
I think that's a good barometer to go by.
This is where Garth Brooks invented the wire work, right?
If I were to float above the audience, I remember having a big fight with my mom about Garth Brooks.
It's not important.
It sounds pretty important.
Because my mom, when I was growing up, she loved country music and then I was like, oh, that Garth Brooks, he knows where it's at because he flies over the audience on a wire.
And my mom was like, you know, he's an asshole.
And I was like, fuck you, because I was really offended because I was starting to get into country music because Garth Brooks flew over it.
That's why I said I didn't want to talk about it.
I'm just going to cry.
I thought you would not be on the Garth Brooks side.
I had no idea.
I was trying to, I mean, I'm on the arguing with my mom, so no matter what, I'm 40 years old, I'll still have any excuse to fight with my mom.
I was just like, oh, Garth Brooks, he's cool.
I thought it would make her like me.
And then she was like, I don't like Garth Brooks.
And I was like, dude, I can't do anything right.
It doesn't matter.
I've been through Nashville, but tonight, the show is kind of early, we get to go out, and I've been told I need to go out and hang out on Broadway and go to some Honky Tonk bars.
That's what I want to do.
No?
Huh?
A coyote ugly?
Okay, I take it back.
I take it back.
I went to a coyote ugly, Dan, on Thanksgiving a few years ago in New York, and not on purpose.
I was with a friend, and it was Thanksgiving night, and I was with my friend Vanessa.
And we were walking around the Lower East Side East Village, and we were trying to find a bar to go into on Thanksgiving.
And I was really overdressed, and she went to a fancy restaurant, and we were just trying to find a nice bar to drink in.
But everything was either closed, or you walked in, and it was so depressing because it was Thanksgiving.
And it was just people crying into their beers.
Or there are bars where people are really trying to pretend that they weren't sad, that they weren't with their families.
And it was really overcompensating, and it was just too much douchebaggery for one bar to contain.
And so I said, it was freezing out.
Not as snow as falling.
And we're like, look, whatever the next bar is, good, bad, or indifferent, we're going into that bar.
And we see a sign up ahead.
We can see some neon.
We're going to that bar, and a block away, she stops me.
She goes, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm like, no, we said, we made a deal.
We're going into that bar, and she goes, that bar is coyote ugly.
I'm like, fuck it, we're going in.
So we go into the coyote ugly.
There's nobody there except three Korean gentlemen who are really, really trying to just dig it.
They're hitting numbers at random on the jukebox.
And like a George Strait song that George Strait doesn't like comes on.
He's ill-fated.
I stole my toe.
I go to the bar, and now when someone plays the songs that they are required by law, these two poor women that are kind of sexy,
take it up on the bar and joylessly dance around for you.
And it's really like, don't do this for me.
Like, whatever they're paying you, I'll double it.
And I had this really nice tie on, this Vivian Westwood tie.
And this woman, this young girl who's the bartender, I found that she's from Columbia,
and she was just hot as a Colombian lunch, very sexy.
And she jumps up on the bar, pours a shot, pours Cuervo tequila into her mouth,
grabs me, squats down from on top of the bar, grabs my head, and spits a mouthful of Cuervo into my mouth.
And I was like, swallow the barf.
And then she takes some scissors out and grabs my brand new Vivian Westwood tie
and starts to come at my tie, and I grab her hand like Robert De Niro in Awakenings.
And I can't, she's like, you can't wear a fucking tie in here.
You can't like, wear a fucking tie.
And it was that offensive an impression that she was doing of her homeland.
And I grabbed her and I thought on my feet and I said, well, my father gave me this in his deathbed.
He said, my dad's not dead. My dad is not dead. I bought that tie.
And she's like, okay, and she's like, well, take it off and put it in your pocket.
Because the corporation that owns this bar told me I had to cut it off and hit it in the water.
That's a gimmick.
There are cameras everywhere. My family is in the back duct tape defaulting chairs.
You have no idea how important this is to me.
Wasn't there a TV show called Coyote Ugly?
Isn't that a good sign?
A movie.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, good sign that nothing.
Piper Carabou, whatever her name was wasn't a thing.
Jeff, I just noticed these people while you were telling a story.
Yeah, she got all the drink orders wrong and it was the worst, but then we ended up having fun because it was so bizarre.
I'm doing the rest of the show this direction.
I don't know what you guys paid, but this doesn't seem fair.
What have we done so far that you didn't want...
Oh, uh...
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
There's a civil war happening in Mexico.
Fuck these stage-right audience.
My podium is awesomely made of plexiglass, so there's perfect crotch action for these people right here.
Ladies?
Hey, Jeff.
Yes, Dan?
I talked to a guy back there while we were doing Edgar Bombs.
A authentic Nashvillian.
Yeah?
A guy named Josh.
He brought Moonshine with him.
And I've never had Moonshine and I thought he could come up and give me a taste of Moonshine on stage.
That sounds awesomely illegal. Let's bring him up.
Josh, everybody!
It's one of the many, many hilarious gimmicks we can do here.
Okay, so a guy is coming up right now.
He looks like Dan Harmon's younger brother.
And he has a brown paper bag that goes on his stage, Josh.
Okay, that corrects something real quick.
I'm not an authentic Nashvillian.
I'm from Knoxville, but...
Hey, hey, hey!
Boo!
I'm representing the hill people who make the Moonshine, so...
It comes in a jar.
You have to drink it out of the jar.
Alright, I'm drinking it out of the jar.
Wait, is this...
This is labeled. This is like...
I don't have a direct connection to the hill people, so I had to do what I could.
Are you a hill person?
No.
But I feel like I can represent them.
That's good, I appreciate that.
Okay, the Mason jar is being cracked open.
Alright.
Or potentially.
Can we get a lady up to listen to us for him?
There we are, we got it.
Well, let's go to the brim.
There you go.
Yeah, we learned a little bit of it.
Do I drink the whole jar?
No, no, no, no.
No, you...
That'll be a very different time and time.
Well, I'm proud to be from Nashville
In the birth of the music scene
I'm drinking white latin thunder
And you know my mother knows what you mean
I got a Elvis on the lip set
Got some Beatles on the right
I'm gonna go and do a southern thing tonight
I got a moonshine and a wake warm wiggie
Whoop whoop, David Duke, David
I'm Dan Harmon doing the southern thing
Oh, shit.
That tastes like...
What does it taste like?
That tastes like a...
It's probably watered down.
Trambulli or...
No, it's like...
You know what it tastes like?
And I don't mean...
It tastes like grappa.
I think that's Italian moonshine.
It's really nice.
It's hill grappa.
It tastes like a fight with my girlfriend.
It tastes like tonight Aaron and I are gonna have a fight.
No, you could probably run your car on this.
What is the proof on this thing, you know?
40, 50%.
100 proof.
Why is there a barcode?
It's called Old Smoky.
Old Smoky Tennessee Moonshine.
It's quite good from Gatlinburg, Tennessee.
I kind of...
It's good.
The second sip tastes better than the third.
Yeah.
Wait, I mean...
And then time pulled it in on itself.
Oh, boy.
Okay, well, you drink it from a jar and...
Yeah.
Thank you, Josh.
Nashville.
I love it.
This is the best.
I think all shows should start with us at the bar, with the crowd,
with a local busker up here laying down the jams,
and a dude comes up and just gives us booze.
Yeah.
I don't know if they'd agree.
I mean, we were thinking back there,
like, let's start the show just earlier,
but then, like, we didn't know if anyone was gonna show up
at the appropriate time.
Then they'd come in and we'd be doing, like, a raffle.
I feel like we should get Jim Lill up here at some point
and have a guitar maybe improvise.
I should.
Here's what I want to do in Nashville.
Like, if we do nothing else,
because it's music sitting USA,
I'm sorry I'm gonna be burping.
Are you okay?
Moonshine.
You know a comic died here in 1983, the year it opened.
I was talking to the owner.
It was not moonshine-related.
No, that was...
That was 1983-related.
Guess what he was on.
It was probably a lot of things.
Yeah, we definitely gotta get the guitar up
and we're gonna get some Rihanna's and some Tidos up here.
Tennessee, last state to leave the Union?
When the Civil War conflict happened?
Or, I'm sorry, aggression of the North?
What do you call it?
The War of North and Aggression.
The War of the North being an asshole.
First state to be readmitted.
I think that's very interesting.
Tennessee, last one out, first one back in.
Just a quick, like, fuck it, fuck it.
I think that's very interesting.
Which way is the wind blowing? North?
I support that.
I think that makes this state my...
We were in Georgia and it was like,
holy shit, these guys, they got the brunt of it,
but I like the idea of a state that was like,
is there a war? Is there a war?
Okay, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it.
Not like the French in World War II,
not like your pussies,
but more like your practical.
Like, what the fuck was that war about?
We don't even know.
Still trying to figure it out.
I'm pouring myself a moonshine rocks.
I can tell you a little...
I don't know if this will be entertaining to people,
because I'm three sips of moonshine in.
Thank you, Mandy.
At the hotel on the elevator,
the elevator opened up and there was a guy.
He worked for the hotel.
He was going down.
He didn't need to get off on the floor
that we were getting off on,
but he had a big luggage rack full of paint,
supplies and shit,
and Aaron and I were going down.
We were trying to squeeze in and he's like,
you know what, let me get off
and so you guys can get on.
I'll take the next elevator.
The elevator door closed and Aaron and I were sitting in the elevator
and Aaron referencing the guy that just did that went,
huh, that's what they call Nashville-style.
And I said, I think you mean Southern hospitality.
And she said, no, no, it's Nashville-style.
I knew it wasn't funny.
I thought it was really funny
because I was thinking in my head,
that's the Southern hospitality.
Nashville-style, she made up a new thing.
Sorry.
Is there a Nashville-style?
I'm sure there is.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the elevators.
Yes, we've gone to, so far,
Phoenix, no, no one's proud of being from Phoenix.
I'll erase that one.
But Atlanta and Austin that we've been to,
people very, very proud of being from those cities.
You guys are all pretty proud of being from Nashville too, right?
No?
Okay, I take it back.
You guys hate Nashville.
Jeff, there's always going to be a swirl
of weird reactions to that shit
because people have this need to go,
like, fuck the,
and I support you.
Like, whatever you think
coming into our carnival town,
you know, fuck what you think.
No, I'm different.
I'm different.
We're cosmopolitan.
I think they cry out
for individuality.
Mandy cries out for moonshine.
No.
You and I are not going to go into a single town where we go,
hey, Nashville, you love
tires, right?
And everyone goes like, we love tires.
There's always somebody who's going to go like,
we don't love tires that much, fuck you.
Like, we're human beings.
We don't represent tires.
We're in Music City, USA.
I don't know if I've said that enough.
You have said that.
Also knows the Paris of Georgia.
Whatever the fuck.
Jeff,
the Pringles Dick song.
Yes.
I wanted to get Jim
Lil.
Yeah, but does he know it?
He doesn't know the song.
Jim, do you know the Pringles Dick song?
Get your guitar up here.
I'll get my ukulele from backstage.
We'll learn it together.
This is in preparation of
we want to leave
Nashville with a superior version
of the Harmontown theme.
Want to do some practicing.
Jeff's got his ukulele.
We'll get this kid here.
Back to the stage, everybody.
Does anybody know the Pringles Dick song?
I don't know if anybody from the podcast.
Probably not.
It's a song I wrote.
It's about
on a tour bus and you have Pringles
and you hold them in your lap.
Like it's your dick.
It goes like this.
I think it's in D.
It goes D, G,
A7.
I think there's like a B flat in there somewhere.
It's like cleaner.
Then it goes like this.
I got it.
Alright, I think I got that.
What tempo should we do it in?
Do you want to keep it stylish?
Should we make it move a little bit?
Let's make this sucker move.
Let's do this in a Nashville style.
It's a thing. It's a thing now.
Nashville style.
Oh, some people call me Pringles Dick
But I never really found out why
I don't really have a Pringles Dick
I just keep my dick inside
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can
Because it keeps my penis safe and dry
Some people call me Pringles Dick
But I never really found out
No, I never found out
I never really found out why
Yo, yo, yo
Potato chips on my dick
I want to put my dick inside a stick
A can on my hand
I don't want to do it well
I thought I'd do a rap bridge
But I'm doing badly
I'll make it mouth noises
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt
Sorry, I got cocky
You guys are having fun
Some people call me Pringles Dick
But I never really found out why
I won't do it again
I don't really have a Pringles Dick
I just keep my dick inside
So sorry about what I did
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can
Because it keeps my penis safe and dry
Yo, yo
Some people call me Pringles Dick
But I never really found out
No, I never really found out why
Yo, yo, yo
Oh, sorry
Sorry
Stay up here, Jim, Park it
Will you stay here?
Because we already
We've got this theme song developing
Is it time to bring up
Some female vocalists
Do we have any more microphones back there?
We have Spencer's microphones
Do we have 50 more microphones?
I was introduced
A girl came up and she said her friend wants to sing
Is Ashley out there right now?
Ashley
You've been out here by your friend
Was it Melissa?
Yeah, Melissa has
She volunteered you
Alright, Ashley everybody
Here's your microphone
Hello
Ashley, have you heard the song?
Have you been following the podcast?
Is this the penis one?
Probably
What podcast do you listen to?
If you have a penis song
No, no, if you mean Pringles Dickman
No, our song about Harmontown
And Pee and Pooh, have you heard that song?
No, but I will collaborate
Here we go, we'll play it
So we can get you up to speed
Give me a little primer
You can't just say syllables
Yo, there it goes again
Come on down to Harmontown, turn your frown upside down
Pree is yellow, poop is brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Come on down to Harmontown, turn your frown upside down
Pee is yellow, pooh is brown
Come on down to, Harmon take it
Come on down to Harmontown, my poop is brown.
Overqualified, overqualified.
Make up your own words again, because we're getting tired.
We've become tired of our own words now.
So if you want to just freestyle, here we go.
Come on down to Harmontown, taking your brown upside down.
Sorry.
That's alright.
You guys write the joke.
I'll just sing Harmontown.
So Jamercites, it's E minor, C, G, D, I think.
Come on down to Harmontown, turn that brown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown, come on down to Harmontown.
You guys are some of the best song writers.
I've already asked for it.
I've done myself on this one.
I won an Emmy for it.
Come on down to Harmontown, turn that brown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown, come on down to Harmontown.
Soft shakers on the table.
I hope I'm rapping.
I hope I'm able.
I'm in a club called Sadie's in Nashville.
I hope I can use the whole Tinker Price film.
I hope I can get them able to give me something.
Well, she's doing it at the same time as I'm rapping.
That's so confusing.
It's so weird.
It's happening at the same time as my beard.
Come on down to Harmontown, turn that brown upside down.
It's weird.
I'm going to hang back.
I'm going to...
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Bravo.
Ashley, we opened in three nights.
All right.
And there's not a single person in Nashville that can do percussion.
Oh, Josh.
Wow.
Josh.
Preveyor of corn squeezes and percussion.
Dan, are you okay?
Yeah.
You're hanging by a thread over there.
I've never seen you like this, man.
Give me one more sip of the...
Now, Ashley and Jim and Josh, we're going to send you back.
We're going to bring you back up later on for the...
For the finale.
Yeah, for the reprise.
All right.
We'll start practicing.
Good.
Yeah.
Going back and make the G chord match to the C chord.
No, that's Nashville.
No, that's exactly how it works.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
No.
Josh, Jim, Tracy, Morgan.
Tracy Morgan was there?
All right.
I suppose now it's time to bring up our Dungeon Master Spencer Crittenden.
Oh, shit.
Microphone.
That's, that's accurate.
Nashville.
Thank God.
How are you doing, Spencer?
We're starting to keep you waiting so long, man.
What's up?
Oh, no, it's all good.
I was, I was just in the back there.
You're sharpening your dice?
You soak them in alcohol.
Is that true?
Yeah.
It appeases the, the God's of luck.
Well, I've soaked, I've been soaking myself in alcohol and I'm very appeased.
Well, I can't roll you too easily, but let's see.
Do you want some moonshine?
Do you drink?
This is bad, bad.
Spencer, have some moonshine.
You can't have two.
We're in Nashville.
Because now Spencer, Spencer on the road is, he's a huge fan of Mountain Dew.
Mountain Dew is originally a slang term for moonshine.
Yeah.
Because they made it, they made it by the moonlight.
Yeah, I don't know what to do with a thing.
So this is some real Mountain Dew.
If I vomit, you guys, don't hold it against me.
I never will.
I'll slather myself in it.
My lips are numb.
He announced it.
This is a tour of firsts.
We certainly are the first comedy tour I think to travel on a tour bus with our own Dungeon Master.
Almost certainly we're the first show to have a Dungeon Master drink moonshine before mastering a dungeon.
So this is probably the last.
All right, do you want to dispense our character sheets there?
Yeah, we're going to need Erin up here then.
Let's bring up Erin McGathy.
Erin McGathy, dance girlfriend, Mulrainee Sidhanna.
Erin everyone.
I love your Nashville style.
How would you define Nashville style?
Kindness from strangers.
It's kind of hospitality in a, not North region, but like below it.
Nashville style.
Can I get some of that moonshine?
Yeah, absolutely.
I want to commit to this fight that we're having later.
What should we fight about?
I feel like I drink a tree.
It just feels like drinking a tree.
It's really good.
It's so good.
And you know, drinking too much makes Spencer sick.
Yeah, that's why I said the vomit thing.
I just want to be cool, you guys.
Spencer, you're in safe surroundings.
We'll take very good care of you unless that guy poisons everyone.
I think it takes five.
It's like water.
It tastes like water.
No, it doesn't.
I always drink my water from under the sink.
Who's got the lip?
I got it.
Can I?
Yeah.
We're all going to fuck tonight, you guys.
Spencer, if you would, get us up to date.
Last time, Sharpie and Court parted ways with Mulrainee, the half elf.
The ranger had some business to attend to elsewhere with arrows and possibly magic belts to locate.
The duo pressed onwards, hoping to arrive in time to assist Mango against the threat of Admiral Darkstar's Dark Armada.
Arriving at the scene of a great battle, the heroes watched in horror as legions of cylindrical constructs pushed back the barbarian horde.
The cylinders seemed to be pressing towards a great excavation site.
A huge pit are in the ground near the yellow camp. In a moment of clarity or madness, Sharpie leapt into action and hurled Quark at one of the floating cylinders.
Clinging on for dear life, Quark could only watch in confusion as the swarm of cylinders descended into the pit, retrieving a massive golem.
A flying ship reeled it in and then flew away with Quark in tow.
The cylindrical army retreated to the ship.
The ship sailed north. The group was split.
I don't know if you heard that podcast.
I reluctantly clung onto a flying cylinder and boarded a giant spaceship, which is presumably Admiral Darkstar's mother ship.
Perhaps.
I'm separated from Sharpie and Mulraine for the first time.
I should mention that your healing pendant has brought you back to full health.
So I'm back to 40 hit points?
Yeah. 40 hit points, motherfucker!
HIT POINTS!
40 hit points.
No, not me.
I'm sorry, it's the moonshine. I'm sorry.
Oh boy, I love hit points.
Okay, sorry.
Do I go first or what?
If you want to decide for yourselves or I could roll randomly.
I'll decide to go first.
Alright.
I examine my new strange surroundings.
Hanging on for dear life on the Candroid, you watch as a line of the constructs flies back into the ship.
The room you're now inside of is large, full of metal racks.
Several circular hatches on the floor look as if they exit out from the bottom of the ship.
The Candroids float onto metal racks before settling down into place with light clunks.
You can hear the hum of large machinery coming from all around you.
Awww.
Um.
So are there any doors in the room I'm in?
You can see a large metal door opposite the hatch you came in on.
Above you is a metal lavator leading to a hatch in the ceiling.
I climb the ladder.
You climb the ladder?
Thank you.
Now you're at the hatch. It is closed.
I use all my barbarian strength to open the hatch.
You use all of your barbarian str- No, it just opens.
Yeah, okay.
As you poke your head through the hatch, you can see the slithering yellow demons that
you fought before.
They wail, painful wails as they move about.
They take no notice of you.
Metal pipes, tubes, and gauges are lining the walls of the chamber.
You can see three doors, left, right, and center.
Are those doors labeled in any way?
Left, right, and center.
That's good thinking.
Can I make it to a door undetected?
You can certainly try.
I use my gnome ability to sneak, and I sneak towards the first door, the left door.
All right, do you have any ranks and move silently?
Don't I?
Probably not, but...
I thought I was good at sneaking about.
Uh, maybe.
I have fast movement.
I use my fast movement.
All right.
Moving swiftly, you cross the floor.
You make it towards the...
What door?
The center door?
Left door.
This door is locked.
There's strange script written on the door.
You don't understand the language.
I go to the center door.
You approach the center door.
You hear the sound of large explosions coming from the other side of the door.
Nice.
I open the door.
You open the door, and what you see is so...
We cut to another character.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
Act Break.
Goldbond powder.
Sharpie, you're standing out front of Yellow Camp.
Corpses and destroyed machines litter the ground.
The remaining barbarians are hauling their own into the Great Tent.
The gnolls are also gathered around their dead, but rather than bearing or hauling the corpses,
the gnolls strip their breath in and then consume the fallen.
Some is never glamorous.
Yes.
You can see your father standing at the entrance of the Great Tent.
He's surveying the work being done.
From the east, you can see a horse and rider, fast approaching.
Dad.
Yes?
I mean...
Yes.
Come clean with me.
What the hell's going on?
Who's this...
Who's this Admiral Darkstar?
I don't know.
They just came down in those ships.
Did you see that shit?
That was crazy.
The sky opened up, but okay, I got some bad news to tell you.
You know how I said I had a couple of shards?
They're gone.
I still have yet to poop out that other one, but...
Wait, what do you mean?
I think they've been stolen.
Dad.
Gas.
You know what?
I grew up my whole life thinking that you thought I was a piece of shit.
I come back, turns out you're a piece of shit.
Well, that's the barbarian way.
Well, he does a little dance.
What was that?
That's the barbarian way.
It's like Nashville style.
Nashville style.
Well, but Nashville style.
Oh, wait.
Nope.
Oh, boy.
Okay, lame.
Yeah, lame.
Fine.
I accept that I'm lame.
Where did your friend go?
I hoisted him onto a cylinder, and he's now in the mothership of these things that you're
fighting with that you don't know anything about.
And I'm a piece of shit?
Are you going to go after him?
I'd like to.
Okay.
Well, can you fly?
You're a wizard, right?
A wizard?
Oh, oh.
A wizard.
I'm sorry, dad.
I've had a lot to drink.
I can't enunciate.
Yes.
I'm a wizard.
I don't know.
I can't, dad, I can't fly.
I can feather fall when you throw me out a window.
I can abate physical feeling when you hit me with a belt.
I can create a bubble around myself emotionally when you make me feel like a piece of shit.
That's not even magic.
That's just therapy.
What is therapy?
Dad, I love you.
I hug him.
I give him a plus one hug.
Only one?
Yeah.
Hug successful.
You seem to have broken through.
Dad, don't you get it?
Power doesn't have a definition.
Some of us are magicians.
Some of us are barbarians.
Power is power.
There's nothing more important than the bond between father and son.
You're a barbarian.
I'm a magic user.
That's the way it goes.
The important thing is our name.
We've got to bring these fucking ships down.
My friend is up on one of them.
What are you doing?
Logging in my iPad.
You've touched him.
Your words have touched him.
All right.
The hug was touching.
Nothing occurs.
He says, you're right.
You are my son and you're greater at magic than I will ever be.
So now it's time for you to have this.
He takes the multicolored cloak off his shoulders and bestows it upon you.
He says, this cloak is made from the very canvas that forms these great tents and is
infused with great magic.
It can give you the power of limited teleportation.
I got it by a minute, by a minute, hour by hour, I got a cloak from my dad, now I can
go places.
Whoa.
Yeah.
All races.
Oh shit.
All right.
Sorry.
A little dance break.
Yeah.
All races.
Mulraine, you're among the trees in a small grove.
I.
Few venture to this grove as knowledge of the magical forest died along with your five children
in the massive blaze that consumed your home.
Yes.
I remember.
I think about it every day.
You hear the winning and neighing of a struggling horse not far off breaking your meditation.
Is there an animal in pain?
I rushed to the animal.
Winnie.
Nay.
You see a horse tied to a tree and a woman sitting on the ground propped up against
a tree.
Upon closer inspection, he realized the woman is dead.
Her throat is slit and a dagger is sitting on the ground nearby.
There's a piece of parchment on the paper.
It's a harsh world.
There's monsters and.
There are spaceships and I'm dealing with a mutilated woman.
It's important.
Dear woman, I, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I must, I must bury you.
I must show you the honor that my children were not shown.
I.
She doesn't respond.
No.
No, you must be awake, please, wake up, please.
I slap her face in the sad way when someone does a movie based on a Michael Crichton film.
I keep on slapping her face.
Yep.
I, I, I try to untie the horse.
You untie the horse.
It stands and regards you.
Dear horse, I regard you as well.
I nuzzle the horse.
The horse is nuzzled.
It seems as if it, it wants to say something.
Yeah.
No, not like that.
You have wild empathy.
You can empathize with the horse.
It seems to say.
I use my wild empathy.
You can, you can ride on me.
Horses aren't very eloquent.
Dear horse, I hear your message and I shall do your bidding.
I will ride you.
All right.
The horses just stand there now.
That, that horse is standing there.
Okay.
I leap upon the horse and I'm really cute when I do it.
Leaping upon the saddle, you notice a bit of paper sticking outside the saddle.
I ignore the paper.
You ignore the paper.
I pick up the paper.
I read the paper.
Never, never read the paper.
Probably nothing.
To whoever reads this, know that I was a man known for my comically oversized pants.
I was always tripping over my own legs.
In search of a belt, I finally found one after slaying a group of orcs.
When I put it on, I realized that I'd become a woman.
So I killed myself.
Have a nice day.
Don't wear this belt unless you're into that sort of thing.
Signed baggy pants ohula hand.
It's a note from Sinbag.
Oh my.
I, I, I, I'm excited.
I start to cry a little bit.
I do a little dance.
I, I find the belt.
The belt's around the dead woman, right?
Yes.
I grab the belt.
That happens.
I, I put the belt on.
You, you put on the belt.
You transformed into a man.
Woman.
Woman man.
I'm back.
I shake out my long, long hair.
And I, I puff my breasts.
That's a thing, right?
Are you looking to see if puffing your breasts is a thing?
I left.
I must, I must find Sharpie.
But first I, I fashion a dress out of leaves.
That happens.
And I, I get on the horse and I start heading towards Sharpie.
Okay.
Cut back to, uh, quirk.
Which store were you going for again?
I was going to the door with explosions going on behind.
Ah.
Senator.
You opened the door.
The room is long, running the length of the ship.
All cannons are lined up and outside of the ship.
A few of those yellow demons, as well as one black creature,
are roaming up and down the aisle.
Occasionally one slithers up to a cannon,
adjusts it, and fires it off with a loud explosion.
They don't regard you.
Are these, are these the, um, the harpoon cannons or just regular?
These are regular cannons.
Regular cannons.
Hmm.
Is there anything beyond the, is there a door beyond those people?
There's no door.
It just leads back to the main room.
Can I, I, I, I, I, I intimidate them.
You intimidate, uh, which, there's two different kinds of monsters.
Uh, I intimidate, uh, the, the, the, who's more threatening,
the slimy guys or the black dude?
Uh.
I didn't mean it like that.
I'd say the black, uh, creature is a bit more, uh, threatening.
Yeah, you would.
Yeah.
Uh, well, typical.
Uh, I, I, I try to intimidate the black guy.
Oh.
What's your, uh, what's your intimidate bonus?
Uh, my intimidate, where the hell, uh, nine.
You intimidate him.
He doesn't seem to speak the same language as you,
but he cowers in fear.
He starts hissing.
Uh, power attack.
Uh, one or three, one, two, three.
What, what's the difference?
Oh, you should, oh, I was saying three.
The higher the number, the less accurate, but the more damage.
Okay.
Two.
Yeah.
Oh, critical hit.
Fuck yeah.
You're ready for this?
You slice the monster in half and it burns into pieces.
All right.
What, what do the slimy, what do the slimy guys do?
They, they look at you before continuing on.
I run past them to the opposite end of the corridor.
That happens.
I, I, I look for a door to move, to move through it.
There's no other doors.
Just the one that leads back to where you came.
Hmm.
Say what?
Berserker, she wants me to go into Berserker rage.
I don't even know.
Uh, is there any use for the, for me to use these cannons?
I mean, if you want to like shoot things, maybe like on the ground.
Say what?
Attack the slugs.
Attack the slugs, but they're not doing me any, any dirt.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I use, I use flaming sword on one of the slimy guys.
Yeah.
You miss.
Shit.
Now what?
The slug turns and faces you.
It quickly slithers to a button and hits it.
Uh-oh.
You hear a siren.
Cut to.
Uh, Dan.
Oh yeah.
You're back with your father.
You're having a tender moment.
Right.
The horse and rider approaches.
But he gave me his curtain, right?
Yeah.
He has your cloak.
Cloak.
It rides up.
It's a half-elf.
Female.
Yay.
Hi.
Mulvane.
You're a woman.
Yes.
I am.
I shake out my hair and it's like sparkles and stars fall from my hair.
I, I, I have, I have my dad's cloak now.
This is a relationship born in a horrible self-interest.
I don't, I don't understand what you mean.
Well, I, I, you know, I can, I can provide for you now because I can teleport and now
you have a vagina.
I feel like we've-
I always had a mind vagina.
On my way over here, I realized that you should have fallen in love with me as a person and
not as a beautiful woman that I am.
So perhaps for a little while we should just be companions.
I-
What?
Dungeon snap.
Dungeon snap?
I, I haven't a side with the horse.
The horse looks at you.
Horse.
I, I love him so much.
I just want to know that it's real.
It, I'm just a horse.
And that's why I love you too, horse.
That's why I love you too.
I love, hey.
Oh, horse.
I turn back.
Hey, listen.
I don't know what I did wrong before you were a chick, but I, I, I think you're, you're,
you're really attractive now.
I, I, I didn't-
Well-
My, my friend is on a spaceship.
Let's help him.
Yes.
He's always been there for me.
Let's, let's, let's, let's go rescue him.
No, please let's rescue him.
Yes.
No, let's rescue him.
Let's please.
I'll be there.
Dad.
Hey, hey.
What?
Is there any way I can use your coat of teleportation to, to teleport up to the spaceships that-
Well-
Can I grab your moonshot? Can I take your moonshots?
You're hitting that pretty hard, man.
This jar is like half empty.
Can I grab your, can I grab your smart juice from here?
You can teleport to anything you see, maybe, or like, there's a couple places you could
just go to without seeing.
You got a finesse.
Not good with the magic.
Do I see the Dark Star Starships?
You can see it on the horizon.
All right.
It's very far away.
I can use my cloak to try to teleport to the, to, to them.
Can you, I jump inside the cloak.
In a whirling flourish, you teleport.
You find yourself in a metal room.
Cannons light the room.
Barbarian gnome stands before you.
Hey!
I did it!
I-
Sharpie!
Sorry, wait.
I took pretty much of myself to a certain death.
Am I there or am I still there?
You're there.
Okay.
Hey!
You're all there.
Sharpie!
Are you there?
Moraine!
It's me, and now I'm a lovely lady.
Wow, that changes everything.
Nice leave dress.
Thank you.
I fashioned it.
Uh, meanwhile, there's a Slimey guy's firing cannons over here.
A little help?
I, uh, I, I take two arrows.
I fire the arrows at the Slimey guys.
Do you have your sheet?
What's your attack bonus?
Uh, it's like a thousand.
It's like a thousand.
Uh, my-
You hit with both arrows.
Woohoo!
Really?
Yeah.
I, guys, I hit with two arrows.
Your arrows strike the remaining demon in the eyes.
It falls dead.
I just want to.
A thousand bonus.
Well, he knew I was kidding.
He adjusted it.
I read it on her sheet.
It's plus three.
All right.
We should probably stop there, right?
Cliffhanger!
Yeah.
Can I get those lids?
You okay, Dan?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm fine.
You seem like you're kind of just descending into some sort of weird madness.
I may be slowly going blind, uh, as they say.
I-
It's Nashville.
Can I leave yet?
That was awesome.
The reason why rock and roll and blues and grunge, I think, were invented here is because
there's no wrong answers.
Uh, and so we have to, we have to finish up the show with, uh, no, no, I'm sorry, I know
we could be here forever.
We have to, uh, holy shit, that moonshine fucked me up bad.
I'm so sorry.
If you want, if you want your money back, I'm in back.
I, I, I think, I think, uh, as drunk as you might be right now, I think now is the time
to test your rapping abilities.
Because throughout-
Can we do, can we do one thing first?
The camera crew had, can we outfit me with the, uh, Jacques Cousteau?
Uh, uh, I want to work the crowd.
Okay.
Can we get Dan the chest GoPro camera?
All right.
We had this thing-
Ryan from our crew, everybody, is that coming up?
Uh, he's going to-
Outfit.
I think-
We're working the crowd lately.
I think we have to, uh, Dan's worried about his rapping abilities, and they're not getting
any stronger for some reason.
Uh, you'd think that as much as Dan raps about fucking people's mom is that there would
be some notable improvements.
But I think maybe, maybe you can harness, as you're being harnessed, literally, you could-
Okay.
All right.
You can harness-
I don't want to come out there.
I'm going to work the crowd.
All right.
Do you want-
Are you going to be rapping?
You want to beat?
No, no, no.
This isn't about-
This isn't about rapping.
This is about personal relationships.
Like, I want to know who's out there.
Yeah.
We're going to the crowd.
Thank you, sir.
It's-
All right.
Here we go!
Yeah!
Go work-
Go work stage right.
They've been neglected tonight.
Yeah, yeah.
This is going to be a fucking fiasco.
I know it.
All right.
This guy first.
What's your name?
Zach.
Nice try.
That's how you work the crowd.
You ask people shit, then you make fun of them.
What's your name, ma'am?
Tanika.
How do you know when you finished?
Oh!
All right.
Sorry.
I'm going to get personal.
He's so drunk.
What's your-
What's your name?
Tanika.
More like fun-ika.
Are you from Nashville?
No.
Good.
Me neither.
Yeah!
What are you doing here?
Acting.
What for?
For fun?
For-
Why?
Because?
What do you mean?
For-
O-
Working the crowd!
Yeah!
Tanika!
Oh!
Hi!
What's your name?
Sarah.
What's your-
Sarah!
What-
What are you-
Why-
Why, why sit here?
Best seat in the house?
Best seat in the-
Yes.
More like, worse seat in the-
In the apartment!
doivent
No, take it easy.
If you could have anything you wanted, what would you have?
Sorry, that was...
Alright, Jeff, give me a second.
Okay.
What was your name?
Sarah.
We got Sarah back here, Jeff.
Right?
Yeah.
Jeff, Sarah, what's your favorite car?
I heard Ferrari.
Woo, Ferrari!
Okay, Jeff, this isn't working out so good.
Working the crowd.
Are you going to sing an R&B song to her right now?
No, no.
Alright, what's your name, Sarah?
Sing a sexy R&B song, then.
What's your name, Sarah?
Andrew.
Andrew, what's the name of the girl that broke your heart the most?
Oh, shit, uh, Viv.
Viv?
Shit.
You playing it?
You playing the song?
I'll give you a rap beat.
How about that?
Yeah, what was your name again, Sarah?
Andrew.
Yeah, I think then Andrew got his heart broke by Viv.
Would you fuck his mama?
I don't think so.
I think tonight's about reaching out to him.
Alright, let me keep working the crowd.
I'm sorry.
What's your name?
Haley.
Haley?
How do you know when you're finished?
Alright.
Wait, just, yeah.
Dan, it seems like you're afraid of human connection right now.
What's your name?
Matt.
Matt?
I don't think so.
We're going to the crowd, we're going to the crowd.
You're glassing over real humanity out there, Dan.
What's your name?
Jonathan.
I don't think so.
Alright.
Alright, hold on a second.
It'll be fine, it'll be fine, don't worry about it.
I'm going to go, I'm going deeper than anyone's ever worked, any crowd.
I'm going back to the people that have never been worked.
These guys never thought they'd be talked to, did you?
What's your name?
Matt.
Matt!
What do you do?
For a living.
How do you know when you're finished?
Alright, Jim will be back to the stage and Ashley, or who is it?
Yeah, Ashley, get back up here and Josh on percussion.
Let's get the band back together.
You can share a stool.
Alright.
I apologize, everybody honestly.
All your money will be sitting in a pile by the exit.
You can just take whatever you thought tonight cost you.
Some of you drove here six hours, just take $600.
I will support you.
That's all I want.
Dan, why are you so down on yourself right now?
It's almost like you drank like four ounces of some sort of high-octane.
High-octane depressant.
What's the chord progression of the Harvard Town song?
E minor, C, G, D.
If you're going to join us in Charlotte, learn this and bring it.
Such an honor to be with good people from church to church, steeple to steeple.
I saw your mama suck to titties and never been in such a good city.
Nashville got horrible racisms.
It doesn't matter.
There's no schism between you and between me.
Let's go south and let's go.
Come on round, hold it down.
Turn that frown upside down.
He is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down a hundred times.
I'm too drunk, too much moonshine.
I'm sorry I didn't drink more white wine.
I just wish I could hang out and talk to you.
I'm so sorry my set turned to pee and poo.
I didn't mean to disappoint you.
$22 is what you spent.
I let you down.
Hold it.
Turn that frown upside down.
Yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down a hundred times.
Self ridicule at the end of the station.
I can't take it no more.
I feel like a bad person.
Oh shit, it's terrible watching this happen.
Don't clap, don't laugh, don't applaud.
You're just looking at a guy that's a club.
He's got, he's traveling across the country.
He's got shit to write, but instead he's going around
and doing this.
It's a terrible thing to do.
I'm so sorry that I made a friend of you.
You guys were very fine in the back
and you bought me Jagger bonds
and now you're a friend of mine.
Jagger bonds and now I give you a price attack.
That means, what does that mean?
I can't.
Come on down a hundred times.
Turn that frown upside down.
Shame.
Yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down a hundred times.
I'm going to flow, I'm going to rap good.
I'm going to make corn squeezes out of termite wood.
I'm going to drink a mason jar of lightening.
I'm tired of rapping.
I want to start fighting.
I'm going to have a couple fuckers on guitar.
I want to fuck your mama so hard she plays sitar.
Fuck her all the way to India.
I fucked your mama.
Fuck your mama.
God damn it.
Shit.
I can't let Nash feel in like this.
I'm going to do goodbye.
They invented Elvis.
I'm going to fuck your mama so hard.
I split her pelvis.
I'm going to fuck your mama.
They invented blues.
She can't win.
She lose.
Come on down a hundred times.
Turn that frown upside down.
Bitch.
Come on down a hundred times.
Two drunk, two drunk.
I see a double frown upside down.
Yo, real yellow.
This is brown.
Come on down a hundred times.
Turn that frown upside down.
I'm going to put Jim Lill, everybody.
Jim Lill.
Ashley.
Josh on the moonshine.
Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
This is Dan Harmon.